README.md, before:

# Climbing Size Matters

Have you ever looked at a route on Mountain Project, and had to search
for what gear was recommended to protect the route? And then you don't
even have a red Alien, so you have to figure out what size your gear
is that could act as a substitute?

This is a browser extension that helps improve the UX on Mountain Project
to highlight gear and translate to your gear.

> [!WARNING]
> This is still very early stage and under active development. Features and documentation
> may change rapidly.

## Installation

Currently this is only available to be installed from source. More to come in the future.

1. Check out this repo
2. Open your Chromium browser
3. Enable Developer Mode
4. Click "Load unpacked"
5. Select the whole `src` directory

## Usage

Load a route page on Mountain Project (e.g.
[Epinepherine](https://www.mountainproject.com/route/105732422/epinephrine)).
This extension should change the page's content.

Right now, it just highlights the mentions of gear and crack size different colors:
![Climbing Size Matters Example](docs/img/climbing-size-matters-example.png)

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

Please make sure to update tests as appropriate.

### Setup

This repository uses:
- pnpm: [Installation](https://pnpm.io/installation)

## License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

Commit message:

build tool: wxt (#9)
* install wxt
* update package.json scripts to use wxt
* move files to wxt structure
    * public directory
    * create entrypoints + config src directory
* move manifest into wxt.config.ts
* use content-scripts/content.js for content script path
* add dynamic loader script so ESM HMR works with content script

* remove zip-chrome script
* update package.json to private: true
* update docs
* fix hot reloading

README.md, after:

# Climbing Size Matters

Have you ever looked at a route on Mountain Project, and had to search
for what gear was recommended to protect the route? And then you don't
even have a red Alien, so you have to figure out what size your gear
is that could act as a substitute?

This is a browser extension that helps improve the UX on Mountain Project
to highlight gear and translate to your gear.

> [!WARNING]
> This is still very early stage and under active development. Features and documentation
> may change rapidly.

## Setup

This repository uses:
- pnpm: [Installation](https://pnpm.io/installation)
- wxt: [WXT](https://wxt.dev/)

We use WXT for hot-reloading while developing. So if you're actively developing,
just use `pnpm dev` and WXT will build and automatically open the browser with the
extension loaded.

1. Clone this repo
2. `pnpm install`
3. `pnpm dev`

## Installation

### From the Web Store

Currently this is only enabled for testing users, so we can't search for it.

We have to go directly using the URL built from our org (`climbing-size-matters`) and
the item ID. Currently this is https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/climbing-size-matters/igeaonjjikppbfcchekinmlhfehfcepp

### From Source

1. Follow the Setup above, then run `pnpm build`
2. Open your Chromium browser
3. Enable Developer Mode
4. Click "Load unpacked"
5. Select the built folder (e.g. `dist/chrome-mv3`)

Parallel steps are available for Firefox thanks to WXT! Just use `pnpm build:firefox`
and the unpacked directory will be built to `dist/firefox-mv2`.

## Usage

Load a route page on Mountain Project (e.g.
[Epinepherine](https://www.mountainproject.com/route/105732422/epinephrine)).
This extension should change the page's content.

Right now, it just highlights the mentions of gear and crack size different colors:
![Climbing Size Matters Example](docs/img/climbing-size-matters-example.png)

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

Please make sure to update tests as appropriate.

## License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)
