docs/publishing.md, before:

## How to Publish

Currently we are only planning on publishing as a Chrome* web extension.

## Chromium-based browsers

### Generating a Zip File

We have a script for this: `pnpm zip-chrome`. This uses `zip` to create a zip archive
in `dist/chrome`.

### Publishing the Extension

#### Setup / Pre-requisites

To enable all contributors to publish, we have a
- `climbing-size-matters` Google group
- Chrome Web Store group publisher syncing to that Google Group

In order to publish, you'll need to
1. Join the Google Group: https://groups.google.com/g/climbing-size-matters/join
2. Register a Chrome Web Store developer account (see [Chrome developer docs](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/webstore/register))
    - Note: this does incur a one-time $5 fee

#### Publish Manually
Follow the docs for [how to publish](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/webstore/publish).

Currently we have uploaded an item under the Climbing Size Matters group publisher:
[item for Climbing Size Matters](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/devconsole/15d04cac-676d-48b9-a97d-9d57e9a55cbf/igeaonjjikppbfcchekinmlhfehfcepp/edit/status).
It needs to go through review after it gets submitted.

#### Publish Automatically
This currently isn't set up yet, but we have set up the pre-requisites.

We have a GCP project with the [Chrome Web Store API enabled](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/api/chromewebstore.googleapis.com/metrics?project=climbing-size-matters).
Eventually we will want to automate the publication in a CD pipeline using the
[Chrome Web Store Publish API](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/webstore/using-api).

Commit message:

build tool: wxt (#9)
* install wxt
* update package.json scripts to use wxt
* move files to wxt structure
    * public directory
    * create entrypoints + config src directory
* move manifest into wxt.config.ts
* use content-scripts/content.js for content script path
* add dynamic loader script so ESM HMR works with content script

* remove zip-chrome script
* update package.json to private: true
* update docs
* fix hot reloading

docs/publishing.md, after:

## How to Publish

Currently we are only planning on publishing as a Chrome* web extension.

## Chromium-based browsers

### Generating a Zip File

We have a script for this: `pnpm zip`. This uses `wxt` to generate a zip file in our
output folder (`dist`).

### Publishing the Extension

#### Setup / Pre-requisites

To enable all contributors to publish, we have a
- `climbing-size-matters` Google group
- Chrome Web Store group publisher syncing to that Google Group

In order to publish, you'll need to
1. Join the Google Group: https://groups.google.com/g/climbing-size-matters/join
2. Register a Chrome Web Store developer account (see [Chrome developer docs](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/webstore/register))
    - Note: this does incur a one-time $5 fee

#### Publish Manually
Follow the docs for [how to publish](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/webstore/publish).

Currently we have uploaded an item under the Climbing Size Matters group publisher:
[item for Climbing Size Matters](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/devconsole/15d04cac-676d-48b9-a97d-9d57e9a55cbf/igeaonjjikppbfcchekinmlhfehfcepp/edit/status).
It needs to go through review after it gets submitted.

#### Publish Automatically
This currently isn't set up yet, but we have set up the pre-requisites.

We have a GCP project with the [Chrome Web Store API enabled](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/api/chromewebstore.googleapis.com/metrics?project=climbing-size-matters).
Eventually we will want to automate the publication in a CD pipeline using the
[Chrome Web Store Publish API](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/webstore/using-api).

### Accessing the published extension in the Chrome Web Store

Currently this is only enabled for testing users, so we can't search for it.

We have to go directly using the URL built from our org (`climbing-size-matters`) and
the item ID. Currently this is https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/climbing-size-matters/igeaonjjikppbfcchekinmlhfehfcepp
